---
title: "stitchFramesToVideo()"
url: "https://www.remotion.dev/docs/renderer/stitch-frames-to-video"
path: "/docs/renderer/stitch-frames-to-video"
---

"---\nimage: /generated/articles-docs-renderer-stitch-frames-to-video.png\nid: stitch-frames-to-video\ntitle: stitchFramesToVideo()\ncrumb: '@remotion/renderer'\n---\n\n_Part of the `@remotion/renderer` package._\n\nTakes a series of images and audio information generated by [`renderFrames()`](/docs/renderer/render-frames) and encodes it to a video.\n\n:::info\nIn Remotion 3.0, we added the [`renderMedia()`](/docs/renderer/render-media) API which combines `renderFrames()` and `stitchFramesToVideo()` into one simplified step and performs the render faster. Prefer `renderMedia()` if you can.\n:::\n\n## Arguments\n\nAn object with the following properties:\n\n### `fps`\n\nA `number` specifying the desired frame rate of the output video.\n\n### `width`\n\nA `number` specifying the desired output width in pixels for the video.\n\n### `height`\n\nA `number` specifying the desired output height in pixels for the video.\n\n### `metadata`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.216\" />\n\n_object_\n\n<Options id=\"metadata\" />\n\n### `assetsInfo`\n\nInformation about the frames and audio mix. This is part of the return value of [`renderFrames()`](/docs/renderer/render-frames#return-value).  \nThe data structure is not stable between Remotion versions.\n\n### `outputLocation?`\n\nAn absolute path specify where the output file should be written to.\n\nIf not specified or set to `null`, the file will be returned in-memory as a buffer.\n\n### `force?`\n\nWhether Remotion should overwrite the file in `outputLocation` if it already exists. `true` by default.\n\n### `pixelFormat?`\n\nSets the pixel format. See [here](/docs/config#setpixelformat) for available values. The default is `yuv420p`.\n\n### `codec?`\n\nSet a codec. See the [encoding guide](/docs/encoding) for available values and guidance on which one to choose. The default is `h264`.\n\n### `audioCodec?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.3.41\" />\n\n_\"pcm-16\" | \"aac\" | \"mp3\" | \"opus\"_\n\nChoose the encoding of your audio.\n\n- The default is dependent on the chosen `codec`.\n- Choose `pcm-16` if you need uncompressed audio.\n- Not all video containers support all audio codecs.\n- This option takes precedence if the `codec` option also specifies an audio codec.\n\nRefer to the [Encoding guide](/docs/encoding/#audio-codec) to see defaults and supported combinations.\n\n### `audioBitrate?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.32\" />\n\n<Options id=\"audio-bitrate\" />\n\n### `videoBitrate?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.32\" />\n\n<Options id=\"video-bitrate\" />\n\n### `bufferSize?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.78\" />\n\n<Options id=\"buffer-size\" />\n\n### `maxRate?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.78\" />\n\n<Options id=\"max-rate\" />\n\n### `crf?`\n\nThe constant rate factor of the output, a parameter which controls quality. See [here](/docs/config#setcrf) for more information about this parameter. Default is depending on the codec.\n\n### `proResProfile?`\n\nSets a ProRes profile. Only applies to videos rendered with `prores` codec. See [Encoding guide](/docs/encoding/#controlling-quality-using-prores-profile) for possible options.\n\n### `onProgress?`\n\nCallback function which informs about the encoding progress. The `frameNumber` value is a `number`.\n\n```ts twoslash\nconst onProgress = (frameNumber: number) => {\n  console.log(`Encoding progress: on ${frameNumber} frame`);\n};\n```\n\n### `onDownload?`\n\nNotifies when a remote asset needs to be downloaded in order to extract the audio track.\n\n```ts twoslash\nconst onDownload = (src: string) => {\n  console.log(`Downloading ${src}...`);\n};\n```\n\n### `numberOfGifLoops?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.1.0\" />\n\n<Options id=\"number-of-gif-loops\" />\n\n### `muted?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.1\" />\n\nDisables audio output. This option may only be set in combination with a video codec and should also be passed to [`renderFrames()`](/docs/renderer/render-frames).\n\n### `hardwareAcceleration?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.228\" />\n\n<Options id=\"hardware-acceleration\" />\n\n### `verbose?`\n\nA boolean value that when set to `true`, will log all kinds of debug information. Default `false`.\n\n### `cancelSignal?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.0.15\" />\n\nA token that allows the render to be cancelled. See: [`makeCancelSignal()`](/docs/renderer/make-cancel-signal)\n\n### `enforceAudioTrack?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.1\" />\n\nRender a silent audio track if there wouldn't be any otherwise.\n\n### `binariesDirectory?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.120\" />\n\n<Options id=\"binaries-directory\" />\n\n### `separateAudioTo?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.123\" />\n\n<Options cli id=\"separate-audio-to\" />\n\n### `forSeamlessAacConcatenation?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.123\" />\n\n<Options id=\"for-seamless-aac-concatenation\" />\n\n### `x264Preset?`\n\n<Options id=\"x264-preset\" />\n\n### `colorSpace?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.28\"/>\n\n<Options id=\"color-space\" />\n\n### `ffmpegOverride?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.22\" />\n\nModifies the FFMPEG command that Remotion uses under the hood. It works reducer-style, meaning that you pass a function that takes a command as an argument and returns a new command.\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport type {FfmpegOverrideFn} from '@remotion/renderer';\n\nconst ffmpegOverride: FfmpegOverrideFn = ({type, args}) => {\n  console.log(type); // \"stitcher\" | \"pre-stitcher\n  return [...args, '-vf', 'eq=brightness=0:saturation=1'];\n};\n```\n\nThe function you pass must accept an object as it's only parameter which contains the following properties:\n\n- `type`: Either `\"stitcher\"` or `\"pre-stitcher\"`. If enough memory and CPU is available, Remotion may use a two-pass process for the video generation. `pre-stitcher` is the encoding phase and `stitcher` is the muxing phase. If the override function is only called once with `stitcher`, then encoding and muxing is done in the same step. You can tell whether parallel encoding is enabled by adding `--log=verbose` to your render command.\n- `args`: An array of strings that is passed as arguments to the FFMPEG command.\n\nYour function must return a modified array of strings.\n\n:::warning\nUsing this feature is discouraged. Before using it, we want to make you aware of some caveats:\n\n- The render command can change with any new Remotion version, even when it is a patch upgrade. This might break your usage of this feature.\n- Depending on the selected codec, available CPU and RAM, Remotion may or may not use \"parallel encoding\" which will result in multiple FFMPEG commands being executed. Your function must be able to handle being called multiple times.\n- This feature is not available when using Remotion Lambda.\n\nBefore you use this hack, reach out to the Remotion team on [Discord](https://remotion.dev/discord) and ask us if we are open to implement the feature you need in a clean way - we often do implement new features quickly based on users feedback.\n:::\n\n### ~~`ffmpegExecutable`~~\n\n_removed in v4.0_\n\nA custom FFMPEG executable to be used. By default, a binary called `ffmpeg` will be searched in your `PATH`.\n\n### ~~`ffprobeExecutable?`~~ <AvailableFrom v=\"3.0.17\" />\n\n_removed in v4.0_\n\nAn absolute path overriding the `ffprobe` executable to use.\n\n## Return value\n\n`stitchFramesToVideo()` returns a promise which resolves to nothing. If everything goes well, the output will be placed in `outputLocation`.\n\n## Compatibility\n\n<CompatibilityTable chrome={false} firefox={false} safari={false} nodejs={true} bun={true} serverlessFunctions={false} clientSideRendering={false} serverSideRendering={true} player={false} studio={false} />\n\n## See also\n\n- [Source code for this function](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/blob/main/packages/renderer/src/stitch-frames-to-video.ts)\n- [`bundle()`](/docs/bundle)\n- [Server-Side rendering](/docs/ssr)\n- [`getCompositions()`](/docs/renderer/get-compositions)\n- [`renderFrames()`](/docs/renderer/render-frames)\n- [`renderMedia()`](/docs/renderer/render-media)\n"

*Part of the `@remotion/renderer` package.*

Takes a series of images and audio information generated by [`renderFrames()`](/docs/renderer/render-frames) and encodes it to a video.
](/docs/renderer/render-frames)](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)
- ](/docs/renderer/render-frames)