# TwiML™ Voice: <Recording>

The <Recording> TwiML noun is used with the <Start> verb to begin recording an inbound or outbound call. When Twilio executes <Start><Recording>, it immediately starts recording the call's audio before processing any other TwiML instructions.

After Twilio starts recording the call, it continues executing the next TwiML instruction. If there are no instructions, the call will end.

If you provided a name attribute when starting the recording, you can stop the recording using the <Stop> TwiML verb. You can also stop, pause, or resume the recording at any time by making requests to the Recordings resource.

<Recording> is part of Twilio's Voice Recording product. Learn more about how to programmatically start and manage a recording using the Recordings resource.

The following is an example of <Start><Recording>:

Start a Recording





Report code block


Copy code block
from twilio.twiml.voice_response import Recording, VoiceResponse, Say, Start

response = VoiceResponse()
start = Start()
start.recording(
    channels='dual',
    recording_status_callback='https://example.com/your-callback-url'
)
response.append(start)
response.say('The recording has started.')

print(response)
Output


Copy output
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<Response>
    <Start>
        <Recording channels="dual" recordingStatusCallback = 
        "https://example.com/your-callback-url" />
    </Start>
    <Say>The recording has started.</Say>
</Response>
Noun attributes





The <Recording> TwiML noun supports the following attributes:

Attribute name	Allowed values	Default value
name	A string	none
recordingStatusCallback	A relative or absolute URL	none
recordingStatusCallbackMethod	GET, POST	POST
recordingStatusCallbackEvent	in-progress, completed, absent	completed
trim	trim-silence, do-not-trim	trim-silence
track	inbound, outbound, both	both
channels	mono, dual	dual
name





Providing a name allows you to reference the Recording directly. This name must be unique per Call. This allows you to stop a Recording by name using the <Stop> TwiML verb.

For example, to start a recording named my_recording:



Copy code block
<Start>
    <Recording name="my_recording" />
</Start>
recordingStatusCallback





The recordingStatusCallback attribute specifies a URL for Twilio to send webhook requests to for each event specified in the recordingStatusCallbackEvent attribute.

The recordingStatusCallback request includes the following parameters:

Parameter	Description
AccountSid	The SID of the account responsible for this recording.
CallSid	The SID of the call associated with the recording. This always refers to the parent leg of a two-leg call.
RecordingSid	The SID of the recording.
RecordingUrl	The URL of the recorded audio.
RecordingStatus	The status of the recording. Possible values: in-progress, completed, absent.
RecordingDuration	The length of the recording in seconds. Only provided when RecordingStatus is completed.
RecordingChannels	The number of channels in the recording file. Possible values: 1, 2.
RecordingStartTime	The timestamp when the recording started.
RecordingSource	The method used to initiate this recording. Returns OutboundAPI for recordings initiated when Record=true is set on the REST API.
RecordingTrack	The audio track recorded. Possible values: inbound, outbound, both.
recordingStatusCallbackMethod





The HTTP method to use when requesting the recordingStatusCallback URL. Possible values: GET, POST. The default is POST.

recordingStatusCallbackEvent





The recordingStatusCallbackEvent specifies which recording status changes should trigger a callback to your application. To specify multiple events, separate them with a space (in-progress completed absent). If recordingStatusCallback is provided without recordingStatusCallbackEvent, completed is sent by default.

Parameter	Description
in-progress	The recording has started.
completed	The recording is complete and available for access.
absent	The recording is absent and inaccessible. This can occur due to a system error, when a recording is less than one minute after trimming silence, or when the recording was silent and your account is set to automatically delete silent recordings. To change this option, contact Twilio Support

.
trim





Whether to trim any leading and trailing silence from the recording. Possible values: trim-silence, do-not-trim. The default is trim-silence.

track





The audio track to record for the call. Possible values: inbound, outbound, both. The default is both.

inbound records the audio that is received by Twilio.
outbound records the audio that is generated from Twilio.
both records the audio that is received and generated by Twilio.
channels





The number of channels in the final recording. Possible values: mono, dual. The default is dual.

mono records both legs of the call in a single channel of the recording file.
dual records each leg to a separate channel of the recording file.
In a dual-channel recording, the first channel contains the parent call and the second channel contains the child call.

Stop a Recording





If you started a Recording with <Start> and the name attribute, you can use the <Stop> TwiML verb to stop the Recording by name.

The following sample TwiML instructions start the recording using <Start> and the name attribute. The name is my_recording:



Copy code block
<Start>
    <Recording name="my_recording" />
</Start>
You can later use the unique name of my_recording to stop the Recording, as shown by the following sample TwiML instructions:



Copy code block
<Stop>
   <Recording name="my_recording" />
</Stop>
You can also stop a Recording via API. Visit the Recordings resource API reference page for more information.