---
title: "<Player>"
url: "https://www.remotion.dev/docs/player/player"
path: "/docs/player/player"
---

"---\nimage: /generated/articles-docs-player-api.png\ntitle: '<Player>'\nslug: /player/player\ncrumb: '@remotion/player'\n---\n\nA component which can be rendered in a regular React App (for example: [Next.JS](https://nextjs.org), [Vite.js](https://vitejs.dev), [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/)) to display a Remotion video.\n\n```tsx twoslash title=\"MyApp.tsx\"\n// @allowUmdGlobalAccess\n// @filename: ./remotion/MyVideo.tsx\nexport const MyVideo = () => <></>;\n\n// @filename: index.tsx\n// ---cut---\nimport {Player} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {MyVideo} from './remotion/MyVideo';\n\nexport const App: React.FC = () => {\n  return <Player component={MyVideo} durationInFrames={120} compositionWidth={1920} compositionHeight={1080} fps={30} />;\n};\n```\n\n[See more usage examples](/docs/player/examples)\n\n## API\n\n### `component` or `lazyComponent`\n\nPass a React component in directly **or** pass a function that returns a dynamic import. Passing neither or both of the props is an error.\n\nIf you use `lazyComponent`, wrap it in a `useCallback()` to avoid constant rendering. [See here for an example.](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)\n\n:::note\nThe Player does not use [`<Composition>`](/docs/composition)'s. Pass your component directly and do not wrap it in a `<Composition>` component.\n:::\n\n### `durationInFrames`\n\nThe duration of the video in frames. Must be an integer and greater than 0.\n\n### `fps`\n\nThe frame rate of the video. Must be a number.\n\n### `compositionWidth`\n\nThe width you would like the video to have when rendered as an MP4. Use `style={{width: <width>}}` to define a width to be assumed in the browser.\n\n:::note\n**Example**:\nIf you want to render a Full HD video, set `compositionWidth` to `1920` and `compositionHeight` to `1080`. By default, the Player will also assume these dimensions.\nTo make it smaller, pass a `style` prop to give the player a different width: `{\"style={{width: 400}}\"}`. See [Player Scaling](/docs/player/scaling) to learn more.\n:::\n\n### `compositionHeight`\n\nThe height you would like the video to have when rendered as an MP4. Use `style={{height: <height>}}` to define a height to be assumed in the browser.\n\n### `inputProps`\n\nPass props to the component that you have specified using the `component` prop. The Typescript definition takes the shape of the props that you have given to your `component`.\n\n### `loop?`\n\nWhether the video should restart when it ends. Default `false`.\n\n### `autoPlay?`\n\nWhether the video should start immediately after loaded. Default `false`.\n\n### `controls?`\n\nWhether the video should display a seek bar and a play/pause button. Default `false.`\n\n### `showVolumeControls?`\n\nWhether the video should display a volume slider and a mute button. Only has an effect if `controls` is also set to true. Default `true`.\n\n### `allowFullscreen?`\n\nWhether the video can go fullscreen. By default `true`.\n\n### `clickToPlay?`\n\nA boolean property defining whether you can play, pause or resume the video with a single click into the player. Default `true` if `controls` are true, otherwise `false`.\n\n### `doubleClickToFullscreen?`\n\nA boolean property defining whether you can go fullscreen and exit fullscreen in the video with double click into the player. If enabled, clicking on the video once will delay pausing the video for 200ms to wait for a possible second click. Default `false`.\n\n:::note\nThis option is not supported on mobile. You do not double-tap on mobile to go to fullscreen.\n:::\n\n### `spaceKeyToPlayOrPause?`\n\nA boolean property defining whether you can play or pause a video using space key. If enabled, playing the video and subsequently pressing the space key pauses and resumes the video. Only works if `controls` is true. Default `true`.\n\n### `moveToBeginningWhenEnded?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.1.3\" />\n\nA boolean property defining whether the video position should go back to zero once the video has ended. Only works if `loop` is disabled. Default `true`.\n\n### `style?`\n\nA regular `style` prop for a HTMLDivElement. You can pass a different height and width if you would like different dimensions for the player than the original composition dimensions.\n\n### `className?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.1.3\" />\n\nA HTML class name to be applied to the container.\n\n### `initialFrame?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.1.14\" />\n\nStart the playback from a specific frame. Default `0`. Once the player is mounted, this property cannot be changed.\n\n### `numberOfSharedAudioTags?`<AvailableFrom v=\"2.3.1\" />\n\nIf you use an [`<Html5Audio />`](/docs/html5-audio) tag, it might not play in some browsers (specifically iOS Safari) due to browser autoplay policies. This is why the Remotion Player pre-mounts a set of audio tags with silent audio that get played upon user interaction. These audio tags can then be used to play real audio later and will not be subject to the autoplay policy of the browser.\n\nThis option controls how many audio tags are being rendered, the default is `5`. If you mount more audio tags than shared audio tags are available, then an error will be thrown.\n\nIf you'd like to opt out of this behavior, you can pass `0` to mount native audio tags simultaneously as you mount Remotion's [`<Html5Audio />`](/docs/html5-audio) tags.\n\nOnce you have set this prop, you cannot change it anymore or an error will be thrown.\n\n### `playbackRate?`\n\nA number between -4 and 4 (excluding 0) for the speed that the Player will run the media.\n\nA `playbackRate` of `2` means the video plays twice as fast. A playbackRate of `0.5` means the video plays twice as slow. A playbackRate of `-1` means the video plays in reverse. Note that the media tags ([`<Audio>`](/docs/media/audio), [`<Video>`](/docs/media/video), [`<Html5Audio>`](/docs/html5-audio), [`<Html5Video>`](/docs/html5-video), [`<OffthreadVideo>`](/docs/offthreadvideo)) cannot be played in reverse, this is a browser limitation.\n\nDefault `1`.\n\n### `errorFallback?`\n\nA callback for rendering a custom error message. See [Handling errors](#handling-errors) section for an example.\n\n### `renderLoading?`\n\nA callback function that allows you to return a custom UI that gets displayed while the player is loading.\n\nThe first parameter of the callback function contains the `height` and `width` of the player as it gets rendered.\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport {Player, RenderLoading} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useCallback} from 'react';\nimport {AbsoluteFill} from 'remotion';\n\nconst Component: React.FC = () => null;\n\n// ---cut---\n\nconst MyApp: React.FC = () => {\n  // `RenderLoading` type can be imported from \"@remotion/player\"\n  const renderLoading: RenderLoading = useCallback(({height, width}) => {\n    return (\n      <AbsoluteFill style={{backgroundColor: 'gray'}}>\n        Loading player ({height}x{width})\n      </AbsoluteFill>\n    );\n  }, []);\n\n  return <Player fps={30} component={Component} durationInFrames={100} compositionWidth={1080} compositionHeight={1080} renderLoading={renderLoading} />;\n};\n```\n\n:::info\nA player needs to be loaded if it contains elements that use React Suspense, or if the `lazyComponent` prop is being used.\n:::\n\n### `renderPoster?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.14\" />\n\nA callback function that allows you to return a custom UI that gets overlayed over the Player.\n\nYou can control when the poster gets rendered using the props [`showPosterWhenUnplayed`](#showposterwhenunplayed), [`showPosterWhenPaused`](#showposterwhenpaused), [`showPosterWhenEnded`](#showposterwhenended), [`showPosterWhenBuffering`](#showposterwhenbuffering) and [`showPosterWhenBufferingAndPaused`](#showposterwhenbufferingandpaused). By default, they are all disabled.\n\nThe first parameter contains the `height` and `width` of the Player as it gets rendered.\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport {useCallback} from 'react';\nimport {AbsoluteFill} from 'remotion';\n\nconst Component: React.FC = () => null;\nconst Spinner: React.FC = () => null;\n\n// ---cut---\n\nimport type {RenderPoster} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {Player} from '@remotion/player';\n\nconst MyApp: React.FC = () => {\n  const renderPoster: RenderPoster = useCallback(({height, width, isBuffering}) => {\n    if (isBuffering) {\n      return (\n        <AbsoluteFill style={{justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>\n          <Spinner />\n        </AbsoluteFill>\n      );\n    }\n\n    return (\n      <AbsoluteFill style={{backgroundColor: 'gray'}}>\n        Click to play! ({height}x{width})\n      </AbsoluteFill>\n    );\n  }, []);\n\n  return <Player fps={30} component={Component} durationInFrames={100} compositionWidth={1080} compositionHeight={1080} renderPoster={renderPoster} showPosterWhenUnplayed />;\n};\n```\n\n### `showPosterWhenUnplayed?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.14\" />\n\nRender the poster when the video is in its initial state and has not been played yet. Requires [`renderPoster()`](#renderposter) to be set. Default: `false`.\n\n### `showPosterWhenPaused?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.14\" />\n\nRender the poster when the video is paused. Although considered a paused state, the poster will not render while the user is scrubbing through the video. Requires [`renderPoster()`](#renderposter) to be set. Default: `false`.\n\n### `showPosterWhenEnded?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.14\" />\n\nRender the poster when the video has ended. Requires [`moveToBeginning`](#movetobeginningwhenended) to be set to `false`. [`renderPoster()`](#renderposter) to be set. Default: `false`.\n\n### `showPosterWhenBuffering?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.111\" />\n\nRender a poster when the `<Player>` is in the [buffering state](/docs/player/buffer-state) and [playing](/docs/player/buffer-state#possible-states). You may for example show a spinner in the center of the video.\n\n### `showPosterWhenBufferingAndPaused?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.290\" />\n\nRender a poster when the `<Player>` is in the [buffering state](/docs/player/buffer-state) and [paused](/docs/player/buffer-state#possible-states). You may for example show a spinner in the center of the video.\n\n### `inFrame?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.15\" />\n\nLimit playback to only play after a certain frame. The video will start from this frame and move to this position once it has ended. Must be an integer, not smaller than `0`, not bigger than [`outFrame`](#outframe) and not bigger than `durationInFrames - 1`. Default `null`, which means the beginning of the video.\n\n### `outFrame?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.15\" />\n\nLimit playback to only play before a certain frame. The video will end at this frame and move to the beginning once it has ended. Must be an integer, not smaller than `1`, not smaller than [`inFrame`](#inframe) and not bigger than `durationInFrames - 1`. Default `null`, which means the end of the video.\n\n### `initiallyShowControls?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.24\" />\n\nIf true, the controls flash when the player enters the scene. After 2 seconds without hover, the controls fade out. This is similar to how YouTube does it, and signals to the user that the player is in fact controllable. You can also pass a `number`, with which you can customize the duration in milliseconds. Default `true` since `v3.2.24`, before that unsupported.\n\n### `initiallyMuted?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.3.81\" />\n\nIf true, the player is muted in its initial state. This is useful if the video must autoplay regardless of the [autoplay](/docs/player/autoplay) policy of the browser.\n\n### `renderPlayPauseButton?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.32\" />\n\nAllows you to customize the Play/Pause button of the controls.  \nMust be a callback function that returns a valid React element.\n\n```tsx twoslash title=\"App.tsx\"\nconst MyPlayButton: React.FC = () => null;\nconst MyPauseButton: React.FC = () => null;\nconst MySpinner: React.FC = () => null;\nconst MyVideo: React.FC = () => null;\n// ---cut---\nimport {Player, RenderPlayPauseButton} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useCallback} from 'react';\n\nexport const App: React.FC = () => {\n  const renderPlayPauseButton: RenderPlayPauseButton = useCallback(({playing, isBuffering}) => {\n    // Since v4.0.111, isBuffering is available\n    if (playing && isBuffering) {\n      return <MySpinner />;\n    }\n\n    if (playing) {\n      return <MyPlayButton />;\n    }\n\n    return <MyPauseButton />;\n  }, []);\n\n  return <Player component={MyVideo} durationInFrames={120} compositionWidth={1920} compositionHeight={1080} fps={30} renderPlayPauseButton={renderPlayPauseButton} />;\n};\n```\n\nSince v4.0.111, a `isBuffering` parameter is being passed in the callback which is `true` if the Player is in a [buffer state](/docs/player/buffer-state). [Learn more](/docs/player/buffer-state#possible-states) about the playback states a Player can be in.\n\nSince v4.0.111, You can return `null` in the callback to fall back to the default UI.\n\n### `renderFullscreenButton?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.32\" />\n\nAllows you to customise the fullscreen button of the player controls, must return a valid React element. If fullscreen is disabled or not available in a browser, it will not be rendered.\n\n```tsx twoslash\nconst FullScreenButton: React.FC = () => null;\nconst MinimiseButton: React.FC = () => null;\nconst MyVideo: React.FC = () => null;\n// ---cut---\nimport {Player, RenderFullscreenButton} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useCallback} from 'react';\n\nexport const App: React.FC = () => {\n  const renderFullscreenButton: RenderFullscreenButton = useCallback(({isFullscreen}) => {\n    if (isFullscreen) {\n      return <MinimiseButton />;\n    }\n\n    return <FullScreenButton />;\n  }, []);\n\n  return <Player component={MyVideo} durationInFrames={120} compositionWidth={1920} compositionHeight={1080} fps={30} renderFullscreenButton={renderFullscreenButton} />;\n};\n```\n\n### `renderMuteButton?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.188\" />\n\nAllows you to customize the Mute button of the controls, must return a valid React element.  \nAction is disabled, you must attach click handlers yourself using the [`PlayerRef`](#playerref).  \nIf unmuting a video, we recommend setting both [`.setVolume(1)`](#setvolume) and [`.setMuted(false)`](/docs/config#setmuted).\n\n```tsx twoslash\nconst VolumeOnIcon: React.FC = () => null;\nconst VolumeOffIcon: React.FC = () => null;\nconst MyVideo: React.FC = () => null;\n// ---cut---\nimport {Player, RenderMuteButton} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useCallback} from 'react';\n\nexport const App: React.FC = () => {\n  const renderMuteButton: RenderMuteButton = useCallback(({muted, volume}) => {\n    const isMutedOrVolumeZero = muted || volume === 0;\n    if (isMutedOrVolumeZero) {\n      return <VolumeOffIcon />;\n    }\n\n    return <VolumeOnIcon />;\n  }, []);\n\n  return <Player fps={30} component={MyVideo} durationInFrames={120} compositionWidth={1920} compositionHeight={1080} renderMuteButton={renderMuteButton} />;\n};\n```\n\n### `renderVolumeSlider`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.188\" />\n\nAllows for a custom implementation of the volume slider, must return a valid React element.  \nSee the default implementation [here](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/blob/main/packages/player/src/render-volume-slider.tsx).  \nThe default implementation makes the volume slider vertical (`isVertical`) and is keyboard navigateable using the Tab key (`onBlur`, `inputRef`).\n\n```tsx twoslash title=\"App.tsx\"\nconst VolumeOnIcon: React.FC = () => null;\nconst VolumeOffIcon: React.FC = () => null;\nconst MyVideo: React.FC = () => null;\n// ---cut---\nimport {useCallback} from 'react';\nimport {Player, type RenderVolumeSlider} from '@remotion/player';\n\nexport const App: React.FC = () => {\n  const renderVolumeSlider: RenderVolumeSlider = useCallback(({isVertical, volume, onBlur, inputRef, setVolume}) => {\n    return null; // Your volume slider implementation\n  }, []);\n\n  return <Player fps={30} component={MyVideo} durationInFrames={120} compositionWidth={1920} compositionHeight={1080} renderVolumeSlider={renderVolumeSlider} />;\n};\n```\n\n### `renderCustomControls?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.418\" />\n\nAllows you to render custom controls inside the player's control bar, between the main playback controls and the fullscreen button. Must return a valid React element or `null`.\n\nUse a [`PlayerRef`](#playerref) to access player state and control methods from within your custom controls.\n\nSee [Custom controls](/docs/player/custom-controls#controls-slot) for usage and examples.\n\n### `alwaysShowControls?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.3.55\" />\n\nIf true, displays the player controls at all times even if the mouse is outside the player area. This settings override the default behavior, which automatically hides the controls after a period of mouse inactivity over the player area. Default `false`.\n\n### `hideControlsWhenPointerDoesntMove?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.124\" />\n\nHides the player controls after 3 seconds of mouse inactivity while the mouse is over the player. By default, this behavior is enabled (`true`). The [`alwaysShowControls`](#alwaysshowcontrols) prop is respected, meaning, if it is set to `true`, then the controls will never hide.\n\nYou may also pass in a number to customize the hide delay in milliseconds, by default `3000`.\n\n### `showPlaybackRateControl?`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.3.98\" />\n\nIf `true`, displays a gear icon allowing the user to change the playback rate.\n\nYou may pass an array with the available playback rates for selection, however, updating the list dynamically is not supported. `true` is an alias for `[0.5, 0.8, 1, 1.2, 1.5, 1.8, 2, 2.5, 3]`.\n\nDefault `false`.\n\n### `posterFillMode`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.78\" />\n\nEither `player-size` (default) or `composition-size`:\n\n- `player-size`: The poster will be rendered in the size of the player. This is useful if you want to render for example a Play button with constant size.\n- `composition-size`: The poster will be rendered in the size of the composition and scaled to the size of the Player. This is useful if you want to render a freeze frame of the video as a poster.\n\n### `bufferStateDelayInMilliseconds`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.111\"/>\n\nAfter the Player has entered a [buffer state](/docs/player/buffer-state), it will wait for this amount of time before showing the buffering UI.  \nThis prevents jank when the Player is only in a buffering state for a short time. Default `300`.\n\nNote:\n\n- [`renderPoster()`](#renderposter) and [`renderPlayPauseButton()`](#renderplaypausebutton) will only report `isBuffering` as `true` **after** this delay has passed.\n- The [`waiting`](/docs/player/player#waiting) and [`resume`](/docs/player/player#resume) events will **fire immediately** when the Player enters and exits the buffer state.\n\nThis allows you to flexibly implement custom UI for the buffer state.\n\n### `overflowVisible`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.173\"/>\n\nMakes the Player render things outside of the canvas. Useful if you have interactive elements in the video such as draggable elements.\n\n### `browserMediaControlsBehavior`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.221\" />\n\nControls what happens when the user presses the Play/Pause button on their keyboard or uses other controls such as Chromes built-in controls.  \nSee [Media Keys Behavior](/docs/player/media-keys) for more information.\n\n### `overrideInternalClassName?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.233\" />\n\nA HTML class name to be used in place of the default `__remotion-player`.\n\n### `logLevel?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.250\" />\n\n<Options id=\"log\" />\n\n### `noSuspense`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.271\" />\n\nDisables React Suspense, which is [useful for writing tests](/docs/player/thumbnail).\n\n### `acknowledgeRemotionLicense?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.253\" />\n\nAcknowledge the [Remotion License](/docs/license) to make the console message disappear.\n\n### `volumePersistenceKey?`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.305\" />\n\nA string that allows you to customize the `localStorage` key used for saving and retrieving the user's volume preference.\n\nBy default, Remotion uses the key `\"remotion.volumePreference\"`.\n\nThis prop is useful if you would like to scope the volume preference to a specific Player instance.\n\n**Example:**\n\n```tsx\n<Player\n  component={MyVideo}\n  // ... other props\n  volumePersistenceKey=\"my-app-volume-preference\"\n/>\n```\n\n## `PlayerRef`\n\nYou may attach a ref to the player and control it in an imperative manner.\n\n```tsx twoslash {15}\n// @allowUmdGlobalAccess\n\n// @filename: MyComposition.tsx\nexport const MyComposition: React.FC = () => null;\n\n// @filename: index.tsx\n// ---cut---\nimport {Player, PlayerRef} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useEffect, useRef} from 'react';\nimport {MyComposition} from './MyComposition';\n\nconst MyComp: React.FC = () => {\n  const playerRef = useRef<PlayerRef>(null);\n\n  useEffect(() => {\n    if (playerRef.current) {\n      console.log(playerRef.current.getCurrentFrame());\n    }\n  }, []);\n\n  return (\n    <Player\n      ref={playerRef}\n      durationInFrames={30}\n      compositionWidth={1080}\n      compositionHeight={1080}\n      fps={30}\n      component={MyComposition}\n      // Many other optional props are available.\n    />\n  );\n};\n```\n\nThe following methods are available on the player ref:\n\n### `pause()`\n\nPause the video. Nothing happens if the video is already paused.\n\n### `pauseAndReturnToPlayStart()`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.67\" />\n\nIf the video is playing, pause it and return to the playback position where the video has last been played.\n\n### `play()`\n\nPlay the video. Nothing happens if the video is already playing.\n\nIf you play the video from a user gesture, pass the `SyntheticEvent` in as an argument so [browser autoplay restrictions do not apply](/docs/player/autoplay).\n\n### `toggle()`\n\nPauses the video if it's playing. Plays the video if it's paused.\n\nIf you play the video from a user gesture, pass the `SyntheticEvent` in as an argument so [browser autoplay restrictions do not apply](/docs/player/autoplay).\n\n### `getCurrentFrame()`\n\nGets the current position expressed as the current frame. Divide by the `fps` you passed to get the time in seconds.\n\n[Special considerations must be made](https://www.remotion.dev/docs/player/current-time) if you want to display a component that synchronizes with the time of the player.\n\n### `isPlaying()`<AvailableFrom v=\"2.5.7\" />\n\nReturns a boolean indicating whether the video is playing.\n\n### `getContainerNode()`<AvailableFrom v=\"2.4.2\" />\n\nGets the container `HTMLDivElement` of the player. Useful if you'd like to manually attach listeners to the player element.\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport {PlayerRef} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useEffect, useRef} from 'react';\n// ---cut---\nconst playerRef = useRef<PlayerRef>(null);\n\nuseEffect(() => {\n  if (!playerRef.current) {\n    return;\n  }\n  const container = playerRef.current.getContainerNode();\n  if (!container) {\n    return;\n  }\n\n  const onClick = () => {\n    console.log('player got clicked');\n  };\n\n  container.addEventListener('click', onClick);\n  return () => {\n    container.removeEventListener('click', onClick);\n  };\n}, []);\n```\n\n### `mute()`\n\nMutes the video.\n\n### `unmute()`\n\nUnmutes the video.\n\n### `getVolume()`\n\nGets the volume of the video. The volume is a value between 0 and 1 and is initially 1.\n\n### `setVolume()`\n\n#### Arguments\n\n- `volume`: `number`\n\nSet the volume of the video. Must be a value between 0 and 1, otherwise an exception will be thrown.\n\n### `isMuted()`\n\nReturns a boolean specifying whether the video is muted.\n\n### `seekTo()`\n\n#### Arguments\n\n- `frame`: `number`\n\nMove the position in the video to a specific frame. If the video is playing, it will pause for a brief moment, then start playing again after the seek is completed.\n\n### `isFullscreen()`\n\nReturns a boolean whether the video is currently playing in fullscreen.\n\n_To observe the fullscreen state and react to changes, listen to the [`fullscreenchange`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/fullscreenchange_event) event on the global document._\n\n### `requestFullscreen()`\n\nRequests the video to go to fullscreen. This method throws if the `allowFullscreen` prop is false or the browser doesn't support allow the player to go into fullscreen.\n\nOn Safari on iOS, the Fullscreen API is not supported, so the Player cannot go into fullscreen.\n\n### `exitFullscreen()`\n\nExit fullscreen mode.\n\n### `getScale()`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.24\" />\n\nReturns a number which says how much the content is scaled down compared to the natural composition size. For example, if the composition is `1920x1080`, but the player is 960px in width, this method would return `0.5`.\n\n### `addEventListener()`\n\nStart listening to an event. See the [Events](#events) section to see the function signature and the available events.\n\n### `removeEventListener()`\n\nStop listening to an event. See the [Events](#events) section to see the function signature and the available events.\n\n## Events\n\nUsing a [player ref](#playerref), you can bind event listeners to get notified of certain events of the player.\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport {PlayerRef} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useEffect, useRef} from 'react';\n// ---cut---\nimport {CallbackListener} from '@remotion/player';\nconst playerRef = useRef<PlayerRef>(null);\n\nuseEffect(() => {\n  if (!playerRef.current) {\n    return;\n  }\n  const onPlay: CallbackListener<'play'> = () => {\n    console.log('play');\n  };\n  const onRateChange: CallbackListener<'ratechange'> = (e) => {\n    console.log('ratechange', e.detail.playbackRate);\n  };\n  const onVolumeChange: CallbackListener<'volumechange'> = (e) => {\n    console.log('new volume', e.detail.volume);\n  };\n\n  const onPause: CallbackListener<'pause'> = () => {\n    console.log('pausing');\n  };\n\n  const onSeeked: CallbackListener<'seeked'> = (e) => {\n    console.log('seeked to ' + e.detail.frame);\n  };\n\n  const onTimeupdate: CallbackListener<'timeupdate'> = (e) => {\n    console.log('time has updated to ' + e.detail.frame);\n  };\n\n  const onEnded: CallbackListener<'ended'> = () => {\n    console.log('ended');\n  };\n\n  const onError: CallbackListener<'error'> = (e) => {\n    console.log('error', e.detail.error);\n  };\n\n  const onFullscreenChange: CallbackListener<'fullscreenchange'> = (e) => {\n    console.log('fullscreenchange', e.detail.isFullscreen);\n  };\n\n  const onScaleChange: CallbackListener<'scalechange'> = (e) => {\n    console.log('scalechange', e.detail.scale);\n  };\n\n  const onMuteChange: CallbackListener<'mutechange'> = (e) => {\n    console.log('mutechange', e.detail.isMuted);\n  };\n\n  playerRef.current.addEventListener('play', onPlay);\n  playerRef.current.addEventListener('ratechange', onRateChange);\n  playerRef.current.addEventListener('volumechange', onVolumeChange);\n  playerRef.current.addEventListener('pause', onPause);\n  playerRef.current.addEventListener('ended', onEnded);\n  playerRef.current.addEventListener('error', onError);\n  playerRef.current.addEventListener('fullscreenchange', onFullscreenChange);\n  playerRef.current.addEventListener('scalechange', onScaleChange);\n  playerRef.current.addEventListener('mutechange', onMuteChange);\n\n  // See below for difference between `seeked` and `timeupdate`\n  playerRef.current.addEventListener('seeked', onSeeked);\n  playerRef.current.addEventListener('timeupdate', onTimeupdate);\n\n  return () => {\n    // Make sure to clean up event listeners\n    if (playerRef.current) {\n      playerRef.current.removeEventListener('play', onPlay);\n      playerRef.current.removeEventListener('ratechange', onRateChange);\n      playerRef.current.removeEventListener('volumechange', onVolumeChange);\n      playerRef.current.removeEventListener('pause', onPause);\n      playerRef.current.removeEventListener('ended', onEnded);\n      playerRef.current.removeEventListener('error', onError);\n      playerRef.current.removeEventListener('fullscreenchange', onFullscreenChange);\n      playerRef.current.removeEventListener('scalechange', onScaleChange);\n      playerRef.current.removeEventListener('mutechange', onMuteChange);\n      playerRef.current.removeEventListener('seeked', onSeeked);\n      playerRef.current.removeEventListener('timeupdate', onTimeupdate);\n    }\n  };\n}, []);\n```\n\n### `seeked`\n\nFired when the time position is changed by the user using the playback bar or using [`seek()`](#seeked). You may get the current frame by reading it from `e.detail.frame`.\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport {PlayerRef} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useRef} from 'react';\nconst playerRef = useRef<PlayerRef>(null);\nif (!playerRef.current) {\n  throw new Error();\n}\n// ---cut---\nplayerRef.current.addEventListener('seeked', (e) => {\n  console.log('seeked to ' + e.detail.frame); // seeked to 120\n});\n```\n\nThis event fires on every single frame update. Prefer the [`timeupdate`](#timeupdate) event instead if the excessive rerenders cause slowdown.\n\nThis event is only fired during seeking. Use [`frameupdate`](#frameupdate) instead if you also want to get time updates during playback.\n\n### `ended`\n\nFires when the video has ended and looping is disabled.\n\n### `play`\n\nFires when the video has started playing or has resumed from a pause.\n\n### `ratechange`\n\nFires when the [`playbackRate`](#playbackrate) has changed.\n\n### `scalechange`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.3.86\" />\n\nFires when the `scale` has changed. Also returned by [`getScale()`](#getscale).\n\n### `volumechange`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.3.86\" />\n\nFires when the volume has changed. Also returned by [`getVolume()`](#getvolume).\n\n### `pause`\n\nFires when the video has paused or ended.\n\n### `timeupdate`\n\nFires periodic time updates when the video is playing. Unlike the [`seeked`](#seeked) event, frames are skipped, and the event is throttled to only fire a few times a second at most every 250ms.\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport {PlayerRef} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useRef} from 'react';\nconst playerRef = useRef<PlayerRef>(null);\nif (!playerRef.current) {\n  throw new Error();\n}\n// ---cut---\nplayerRef.current.addEventListener('timeupdate', (e) => {\n  console.log('current frame is ' + e.detail.frame); // current frame is 120\n});\n```\n\nPrefer the [`seeked`](#seeked) event if you only want to get time updates during seeking.\n\nPrefer the [`frameupdate`](#frameupdate) event if you need an update for every single frame.\n\n### `frameupdate`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.27\" />\n\nFires whenever the current time has changed, during both playback and seeking.\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport {PlayerRef} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useRef} from 'react';\nconst playerRef = useRef<PlayerRef>(null);\nif (!playerRef.current) {\n  throw new Error();\n}\n// ---cut---\nplayerRef.current.addEventListener('frameupdate', (e) => {\n  console.log('current frame is ' + e.detail.frame); // current frame is 120\n});\n```\n\nPrefer the [`seeked`](#seeked) event if you only want to get time updates during seeking.\n\nPrefer the [`timeupdate`](#timeupdate) event if you only need periodical updates (at most every 250ms).\n\n### `fullscreenchange`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.2.0\" />\n\nFires when the player enters or exits fullscreen. By reading `e.detail.isFullscreen` or calling `playerRef.isFullscreen()` you can determine if the player is currently in fullscreen or not.\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport {PlayerRef} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useRef} from 'react';\nconst playerRef = useRef<PlayerRef>(null);\nif (!playerRef.current) {\n  throw new Error();\n}\n// ---cut---\nplayerRef.current.addEventListener('fullscreenchange', (e) => {\n  console.log('is fullscreen' + e.detail.isFullscreen); // is fullscreen true\n});\n```\n\n### `mutechange`<AvailableFrom v=\"3.3.98\" />\n\nFires when the player's audio is muted or not. Also returned by [`isMuted()`](#ismuted).\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport {PlayerRef} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useRef} from 'react';\nconst playerRef = useRef<PlayerRef>(null);\nif (!playerRef.current) {\n  throw new Error();\n}\n// ---cut---\nplayerRef.current.addEventListener('mutechange', (e) => {\n  console.log('is mute' + e.detail.isMuted); // is mute true\n});\n```\n\n### `error`\n\nFires when an error or uncaught exception has happened in the React component.\n\nYou may get the error by reading the `e.detail.error` value:\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport {PlayerRef} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useRef} from 'react';\nconst ref = useRef<PlayerRef>(null);\n// ---cut---\nref.current?.addEventListener('error', (e) => {\n  console.log('error ', e.detail.error); // error [Error: undefined is not a function]\n});\n```\n\n### `waiting`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.111\" />\n\nFires when the Player has entered into the [native buffering state](/docs/player/buffer-state).\n\nRead here [how to best implement state management](/docs/player/buffer-state#possible-states).\n\n### `resume`<AvailableFrom v=\"4.0.111\" />\n\nFires when the Player has exited the [native buffering state](/docs/player/buffer-state).\n\nRead here [how to best implement state management](/docs/player/buffer-state#possible-states).\n\n## Handling errors\n\nSince videos are written in React, they are prone to crashing.\nWhen a video throws an exception, you may handle the error using the [`error` event](#error).\nThe video will unmount and show an error UI, but the host application (The React app which is embedding the player) will not crash.\nIt is up to you to handle the error and to re-mount the video (for example by changing the `key` prop in React).\n\nThis feature is implemented using an [error boundary](https://react.dev/reference/react/Component#catching-rendering-errors-with-an-error-boundary), so only errors in the render function will be caught. Errors in event handlers and asynchronous code will not be reported and will not cause the video to unmount.\n\nYou can customize the error message that is shown if a video crashes:\n\n```tsx twoslash\nimport {ErrorFallback, Player} from '@remotion/player';\nimport {useCallback} from 'react';\nimport {AbsoluteFill} from 'remotion';\n\nconst Component: React.FC = () => null;\n\n// ---cut---\n\nconst MyApp: React.FC = () => {\n  // `ErrorFallback` type can be imported from \"@remotion/player\"\n  const errorFallback: ErrorFallback = useCallback(({error}) => {\n    return (\n      <AbsoluteFill\n        style={{\n          backgroundColor: 'yellow',\n          justifyContent: 'center',\n          alignItems: 'center',\n        }}\n      >\n        Sorry about this! An error occurred: {error.message}\n      </AbsoluteFill>\n    );\n  }, []);\n\n  return <Player fps={30} component={Component} durationInFrames={100} compositionWidth={1080} compositionHeight={1080} errorFallback={errorFallback} />;\n};\n```\n\n## See also\n\n- [Source code for this component](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/blob/main/packages/player/src/Player.tsx)\n- [`<Composition>`](/docs/composition)\n- [`<Thumbnail>`](/docs/player/thumbnail)\n"

A component which can be rendered in a regular React App (for example: [Next.JS](https://nextjs.org), [Vite.js](https://vitejs.dev), [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/)) to display a Remotion video.

```

MyApp.tsximport {Player} from '@remotion/player';
import {MyVideo} from './remotion/MyVideo';

export const App: React.FC = () => {
  return <Player component={MyVideo} durationInFrames={120} compositionWidth={1920} compositionHeight={1080} fps={30} />;
};Copy
```

[See more usage examples](/docs/player/examples)

## API[​](#api)

### `component` or `lazyComponent`[​](#component-or-lazycomponent)

Pass a React component in directly **or** pass a function that returns a dynamic import. Passing neither or both of the props is an error.

If you use `lazyComponent`, wrap it in a `useCallback()` to avoid constant rendering. [See here for an example.](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)
- ](/docs/player/examples#loading-a-component-lazily)