# Profiles 0.18

Documentation for Profiles v0.18

* * *

  *  __less than a minute

  * 


##### [Profiles Overview](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/overview/>)

Create unified customer records in your warehouse using RudderStack Profiles.

##### [How Profiles Works](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/how-profiles-works/>)

Know how Profiles collect, unify, and activate your data to enhance the overall customer experience.

##### [Profiles IDE](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/ide/>)

Use the web-based editor in RudderStack dashboard to create and manage an end-to-end Profiles project.

##### [Quickstart](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/get-started/>)

Know the different ways to create a Profiles project.

##### [Core Concepts](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/core-concepts/>)

Know Profiles core concepts such as identity stitching, feature development, etc.

##### [Warehouse Permissions](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/permissions/>)

Grant RudderStack the required permissions on your data warehouse.

##### [Profiles CLI User Guide](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/cli-user-guide/>)

Know the Profiles project structure and commands available for the CLI version.

##### [Cohorts](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/cohorts/>)

Create core customer segments in your warehouse and use them for targeted campaigns.

##### [Activations](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/activations/>)

Activate your cohorts data in downstream systems to run targeted campaigns.

##### [Data Apps](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/data-apps/>)

Run RudderStack Data Apps on top of your Customer 360 to build attribution, propensity scores, and personalization projects.

##### [Activation API (Early Access)](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/activation-api/>)

Expose user profiles stored in your Redis instance over an API.

##### [Examples](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/example/>)

Detailed tutorials on executing different models in warehouse to generate material (output) tables.

##### [Additional Concepts](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/additional-concepts/>)

Learn about Profiles packages, multi-version support, macros, window functions, model contracts, run process of your Profiles project, and more.

##### [Changelog](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/changelog/>)

Changelog for all the Profiles versions.

##### [Profiles FAQ](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/faq/>)

Commonly asked questions on RudderStack Profiles.

##### [Resources](</docs/archive/profiles/0.18/resources/>)

Explore additional resources related to Profiles.